

Create controller via grails command line
`grails> create-controller helloworld`

Run grails app
`grails> run-app`
This will start an embedded server on port 8080 that hosts your application. You should now be able to access your application at the URL http://localhost:8080

to set a context path for your application
`grails> run-app -Dgrails.server.servlet.context-path=/helloworld`

Run in different port
`grails run-app -port=8090`

Run in debug mode
`grails run-app --debug-jvm`

Run tests
`grails test-app`

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Grails DIR structure (check in IntelliJ Idea): refer https://docs.grails.org/4.0.3/guide/single.html

Grails uses "convention over configuration" to configure itself. This typically means that the name and location of files is used instead of explicit configuration, hence you need to familiarize yourself with the directory structure provided by Grails.
Here is a breakdown and links to the relevant sections:
• grails-app - top level directory for Groovy sources
• conf - Configuration sources
• controllers - Web controllers - The C in MVC.
• domain - The application domain. - The M in MVC
• i18n - Support for internationalization (i18n).
• services - The service layer.
• taglib - Tag libraries.
• utils - Grails specific utilities.
• views - Groovy Server Pages or JSON Views - The V in MVC.
• src/main/scripts - Code generation scripts.
• src/main/groovy - Supporting sources
• src/test/groovy - Unit and integration tests.


 



 






